Arthur the Rat read by Brian Goggin from
Ireland Once there was a young rat named
Arthur who could never make up his mind.
Whenever his friends asked him if he would
like to go out with them, he would
only answer, I don't know.
He wouldn't say yes or no, either.
He would always shirk, making a choice.
His aunt Helen said to him, Now look
here, no one is going to care for you if you carry on like this. You have no more mind than a bade of grass.
You have no more mind than a bade
of grass.
One rainy day the rats heard a great
noise in the loft. The pine rafters were all rotten, so the barn was rather unsafe. At last the joists gave way and fell to the ground. The walls shook and all the rats' hair
stood on end with fear and horror. This won't do, said the captain. I'll send out scouts to search for a new home. Within five hours the ten scouts came back and said, We found a stone house where there is room and board for us all.
There is a kindly horse named Nelly, a cow, a calf and a garden with an elm tree. The rats crawled out of their little houses and stood on the floor in a long line. Just then the old one saw Arthur. Stop, he ordered coarsely. You are coming, of course. I am not certain, said Arthur undaunted. The roof may not come down yet.
Well, said the angry old rat, we can't
wait for you to join us.
Right about face!
March!
Arthur stood and watched them hurry away.
I think I'll go tomorrow, he calmly said
to himself.
But then again, I don't know.
It's so nice and snug here.
That night there was a big crash.
In the morning some men with some boys
and girls rode up and looked at the
barn.
One of them moved aboard and he saw
a young rat, quite dead, half in and
half out of his hole.
Thus the shirker got his due.
this is the vtt file and the api response is not in sync with the sound and therefore not an exact copy of vtt